We're back
live. Just plug in this watch and then
we'll uh we'll get to what we're doing.
Okay. Whatever.
I think this is just going to be like a
chill chill and
debug kind of a vibe right
now. Get the dev branch working.
Hey
Ben
weird. Yeah, this data looks fine.
Um, so what's exactly wrong with this
thing? This seems fine to me.
Is this supposed to be
minus? That seems very wrong.
Oh, it is
backwards.
So that's still slow.
Ah, I think I
know. Saw the big
merge. Yellow's interesting. You do any
preliminary
testing? Uh, yeah, it seemed like it
helped a little bit with Breakout. I'm
not super set on it, but that cosign and
kneeling, Muan, there's a whole bunch of
stuff in there. I'm just working on like
making it all actually function together
because I had to merge that with like um
a dev branch that had advanced a little
bit. I also made a threading based um
vectorzation back end, but that's not
really going to be useful until Python
314, and that's assuming that they
actually get it right in
314. So, yeah.
What the heck is screwing this up so
badly?
Crazy. We don't have like stupid
hyperparameters, do we?
No. Testing heavy ball. Yeah, I uh I
have Muan in place. Muan seems
chill. I mean, it seems like it can't
really hurt and it's uh it doesn't
really add any per overhead over at
Adam, so it's worth running. Like, I'm
making it so you can just sweep
everything. So, that's what we're going
to do.
Now, you would think that this would be
the detach or something, but I don't
know what the heck it is making this so
slow.
I'm working on it, but this is like a
massive
thing. I don't know what the heck I've
screwed up in this merge that's making
everything slow either.
Well, I mean, this is more that they got
desynced, right? So, I did stuff that
people asked for on dev and I had this
other branch where I was doing all this
J hacking.
It's really the merge.
This doesn't get used anyways.
Not the
optimizer. It's all in
learn somehow.
It' be nice to know what the heck it is.
How much do you
eat? I don't know. More than I'd like.
Less than I should.
Usually
twice like eight or nine. I get good
sleep.
I mean, what is this? You got to take me
out to dinner or something first.
What the heck did I screw up here,
man? That's
ridiculous. Think on this.
Like, you're not using the wrong LSTM,
right? It's just literally a bad merge
that did this.
You have recurrent, you have recurrent
cell,
right?
self.recurrent, it's called on
this decode
actions gives you logits and
values. Put observations gives you
hidden. This all looks correct to me.
Sh messaging
Okay. I'm trying to think of like stuff
I've ended up screwing up like this
before.
Yeah, that's annoying.
Maybe it's in the losses
somewhere. No, I don't see redundant
losses. Let's see redundant losses.
Is this indented too
far? Should be aligned with this,
right? And it
is. It's a loss model scaler.
Now it lost the
scaler, man.
Maybe I can just see the
uh maybe I can see the diff.
This file doesn't
matter. You got this
diff. You did up the batch size.
Doesn't
matter.
Positive. Same
size.
CUDA. Your
encoder. Got your
decoder.
Let's test. So I guess it's in clean
puff somewhere.
Not seeing anything yet.
Back down
receive. Well, our eval should be the
same. A better training.
returns as B
returns. If LSTMH is
none, forward
train. Unpack
these. Um
Something's got to get like be getting
broadcasted or something stupid, right?
I don't know what else it could possibly
be. Like some stupid thing's getting
broadcasted. Like I I just don't know
how else it would work. Oh, wait. You
know what? Where is
it? Found it, you bastard.
Yeah, there you go. PieTorch is stupid,
guys. PieTorch is really stupid. If you
just like if you forget to compress a
dimension, it'll just
broadcast and uh then you're you know
you're doing some crazy operation that
doesn't even make
sense. Okay, so that's back to training.
At
least we have a million things to make
work, but this is the base.
60-second solves are pretty cool.
Ah, there we
go. That's a funny workound.
Okay, that's AM working.
this. Yeah, this for
train. It's going to feel so nice when
this branch is just cleaned up.
It's not going to finish today, though.
It's too much work. I'm going to try to
get it all to run, but it's not going to
be pretty.
Okay, that works.
Oh yeah, these don't get flattened,
right?
Yes,
that's Yeah, this is why I screwed it up
because it has to go like that.
There you go. So that's P3
working. Yep.
Eat me.
Ah,
You have ends.
the
heck. Oh, I see.
Okay, there's E3B
running. Just
missing. Diversity is all you
need. Yay.
No
attribute. Okay, this is just because
you need to pass some
args.
Oops. The heck. What's wrong with
this? Oh,
dummy. Perhaps you forgot a comma.
It says
state.
Uh, do you not store
state the heck?
Um
really Oh, I see.
Yeah, you need this
batch. Thank you. Got rid of the
batching logic for no reason here.
No attribute
hidden really.
compiling stuff.
Okay, this one runs
too. The only thing I haven't fixed is
MUP. That one's a little
harder. I think the priority is just
getting a sweep going, though.
That should be the
priority.
Yeah. So this
Okay, that seems good to
me. It's on
false breakouts on a good sweep
schedule. have anything stupid
set. Oh, policy hidden
size.
Yeah. Yeah, this
works well.
Okay, that's like mostly
stableish. I mean, it has all the fixes
in it and they
run. Let's see what we have on our
sweeps.
Oh, you know, our variable horizon
actually did pretty
well. Got 93 at the
end. 93
versus 88.
Really? I think that's pretty damn good.
Okay.
You know, our our algorithm is actually
starting to do stuff. That's nice to
know.
I know I installed
Muan. I think that's imported still.
I know what that is.
Oh, you know, one thing I
realized, I have to fix the uh the start
time. Yeah, I got to fix the start time.
Let's see if that fixes the uh the
profile just moving into there.
It
doesn't. Yeah.
That's a
problem. Okay. Well, then what we'll do
is we'll do
two two separate
runs. Okay. So, this should start
immediately now,
right? Yeah. So this starts
immediately. So this is what we'll
do. This one will not sweep the policy.
So this sweep will be called mu on
This other sweep is going to be
Adam so that we don't have the uh the
compile overhead.
So this is now
Adam kind of sweeps everything.
Good.
Cool. That is
two two sweeps up and
running.
Right. has two sweeps up and
running. Ridiculously fast as
well. Can we just take a moment to
appreciate that these are probably going
to run somewhere in the realm of like I
don't know just shy of 10 billion steps
an hour total worth of sweeps with a
grand total of two
GPUs. That's pretty solid.
Promote your work
guys. So people use
it. Check this out. Decent little
repo. Haven't had any major issues so
far.
Okay, so that's uh those are our sweeps.
Let me just make sure they're actually
running. We'll see if we get anything
cool out of these. I mean, I think we
should at least get a little bit of a
performance bump just because we've
we've also made stuff faster in the
process. So, I mean, this isn't going to
be apples to apples, but I think Muan's
probably a good idea. You know, this is
probably a good idea. So, I think we
should be good with both of
these. Anybody yammering at me in dev
over stuff I broke
Why do I think I misspelled
empirical? I didn't. Just
tired. Cool.
Nice. Removed update grid cell code was
what was
unstable fixed entities. Yeah. So the
suggestion I gave him worked for that.
Good.
Anybody have anything
else that they want looked at at the
moment? I'm just going through
contributor stuff
here. This is nice that BET did this.
Just having like our own fast version of
Cartpole that doesn't have other
dependencies as like a test dem. This is
really nice. Good job,
B. If you're new to RL, even something
like this, like a simple like classic N,
uh, no dependencies, fast, you know,
simple code like this one is, um, is
actually very useful. You know, we can
always run these to like test if new
stuff, new things are broken. You can
get them to train in like 5 seconds.
Stuff like this is nice. And then
obviously at the high end you have stuff
like this which is like a 7,000 some odd
line
PREG. This is good.
Okay. I think we have everything
set.
So, I guess maybe let's just uh I'll go
through some of my thoughts and my plans
for all of this stuff.
uh the purpose of what I was doing today
and they're 10 hours of bods from today
uh from all you know all the stuff I was
doing but the main goal of what I wanted
to do today was to just like go through
all the stuff that is commonly used in
the rest of AI that's been popularized
over the last several years that RL has
just not really picked up on. So, you
know, we got cosine and kneeling, we got
the new
optimizer, we messed a little bit with
MUP,
um, you know, several other tricks in
there as
well,
Gelloo's. The goal was just to like
modernize a little bit, right, and make
sure we weren't missing out on anything
obvious. I think we found some stuff
that will probably give us, you know, a
few small improvements here and there.
Uh, Muan will probably be
good. You know, maybe the activations
matter, maybe they don't. We'll
see. We still haven't done architecture
work for the main reason being just that
um it's a little tricky in RL because
you want the networks to run so fast.
Data is really king. A lot of these
problems, at least the test problems are
pretty simple. So like when you start
slowing the network down,
uh you really don't do yourself any
favors. And uh the main thing is you
just need to get lots of small batches
of data through the
optimizer. But we'll do that stuff more
when we get on to more complex M. So the
hope is that with all these different
methods, we're going to be able to run a
bunch of experiments. We're going to be
able to confirm which of these actually
matter, which of these don't. Hopefully,
we get to delete a few of these. You
know, if E3B doesn't work, we'll get rid
of it. Um, I think it might work. Uh,
diversity is all you need. We'll see
whether it is in fact all you need. Uh,
we'll either get rid of it or keep it or
integrate it properly or something like
that, right? And there are a few other
sort of methods around that are a little
larger, but I think this covered most of
the nuts and bolts that I wanted to deal
with
today. And hopefully it should get us a
little bit of a faster training speed
run, if you will, on uh on Breakout. So,
going forward, there's still the big uh
advantage estimation algorithm that I've
been working on. That's still not fully
done. I don't think that's going to be
fully done until we start running
benchmarks on some harder Ms. So maybe
we'll do that next. Try to get some
harder M's in as benchmarks and start
trying to like really get these methods
working on those as well. Um but I think
that generally we're in a pretty good
spot for the next update. Now, I want
the next update to be here's a
collection of stuff we've done to
improve
uh training and algorithm side stuff in
puffer lib. You can get really really
fast training results on a bunch of
different M's stuff is more stable. All
of that. I still don't know what I'm
going to do about mu because it doesn't
work with muon out of the box. I might
have to make some adjustments there so
that it
does because that could be
useful. It's going to depend, right?
That's going to
depend. But anyways, I think that's
going to be about it for today. I'm
going to just go answer a few
messages. Um, send a pe some people some
notifications. Hey, you know, we're
working on all this
stuff. And then tomorrow, I'll probably
be on streaming a bit in the afternoon.
I usually go for a somewhat longer run
in the mornings on
Sundays. Uh but yeah, I'm probably going
to be doing just like some environment
bindings and maybe tweaking some
experiments, right? Getting the results
of these experiments that they've run
that we've run and uh yeah, going from
there. So, uh for folks
watching, all of my stuff is on
puffer.ai. If you're interested in the
project, you can check out our demos
right here. star the GitHub to help us
out. That really helps us. If you want
to get involved with development or just
have some questions that you want
answered by the community or
myself,
discord.gg/puffer. If you're looking for
more RL content, we've got a blog here
with a really nice quick start guide and
a few more cutting edge things as well.
And for more, you can follow me on X
where there's some articles that you
can't find anywhere else. All RL
content. Thanks, and I will see you
tomorrow.
Enjoy your